Q workspace command (#8147)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/q-developer/index.mdx

Download the files and follow the steps below to use the `@workspace` in your Amplify project

- <a href="/images/gen2/q-developer/general.md" download>general.md</a>
- <a href="/images/gen2/q-developer/authentication.md" download>authentication.md</a>
- <a href="/images/gen2/q-developer/modeling-relationships.md" download>modeling-relationships.md</a>
- <a href="/images/gen2/q-developer/modeling-schema.md" download>modeling-schema.md</a>

**Step 1:** Create a folder in the root of your project and give a descriptive name such as `context`. Add the files downloaded above to this folder.

**Step 2:** Open Amazon Q Developer Chat in your IDE and type `@workspace` to enable workspace indexing. Follow Amazon Q's prompts to set up indexing for your project directory.

**Step 3:** After successful indexing, reference the markdown file content in your queries to Amazon Q. Examples:

```bash title="Terminal" 

@workspace follow AMPLIFYRULES to develop a data model schema for a freelance marketplace using Amplify Gen 2. Include models for freelancers, clients, projects, bids, and reviews. Use Amplify Gen 2 to fetch a list of projects

```

> ```bash title="Terminal" 
> 
> @workspace follow AMPLIFYRULES to design a data schema for an event management application using Amplify Gen 2. Include models for users, events, and tickets. Show me how to use Amplify Gen 2 to fetch a list of events.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash title="Terminal" 

@workspace follow AMPLIFYRULES to design a data schema for an event management application using Amplify Gen 2. Include models for users, events, and tickets. Show me how to use Amplify Gen 2 to fetch a list of events.

```
```

> ```bash title="Terminal" 
> 
> @workspace follow AMPLIFYRULES to design a data schema for an event management application using Amplify Gen 2. Include models for users, events, and tickets. Show me how to use Amplify Gen 2 to fetch a list of events.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash title="Terminal" 

@workspace follow AMPLIFYRULES to design a data schema for an event management application using Amplify Gen 2. Include models for users, events, and tickets. Show me how to use Amplify Gen 2 to fetch a list of events.

```
```

> ```bash title="Terminal" 
> 
> @workspace follow AMPLIFYRULES to design a data schema for an event management application using Amplify Gen 2. Include models for users, events, and tickets. Show me how to use Amplify Gen 2 to fetch a list of events.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash title="Terminal" 

@workspace follow AMPLIFYRULES to design a data schema for an event management application using Amplify Gen 2. Include models for users, events, and tickets. Show me how to use Amplify Gen 2 to fetch a list of events.

```
```

</Callout>

**Step 4:** Make any required changes to the schema and save the `amplify/data/resource.ts` file. This will trigger a sandbox deployment and your new data model will be deployed

## Use Q Developer - workspace in your Amplify project

> Adding `@workspace` to your question in Amazon Q automatically incorporates the most relevant parts of your workspace code as context, using an index that updates periodically. For more information on `@workspace` functionality, please visit [Amazon Q Developer - Workspace Context] (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonq/latest/qdeveloper-ug/workspace-context.html). 

Reviewer 2: Need to remove space here causing link not to render correctly
<img width="974" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a7d5fb59-8399-443a-9ca0-1fe8d7a921a0">

```suggestion
Adding `@workspace` to your question in Amazon Q automatically incorporates the most relevant parts of your workspace code as context, using an index that updates periodically. For more information on `@workspace` functionality, please visit [Amazon Q Developer - Workspace Context](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonq/latest/qdeveloper-ug/workspace-context.html). 
```

</Callout>

**Step 4:** Make any required changes to the schema and save the `amplify/data/resource.ts` file. This will trigger a sandbox deployment and your new data model will be deployed

## Use Q Developer - workspace in your Amplify project

> Adding `@workspace` to your question in Amazon Q automatically incorporates the most relevant parts of your workspace code as context, using an index that updates periodically. The files below provide detailed guides that can be included as context with the `@workspace` command, enhancing Amazon Q's accuracy in generating AWS Amplify Gen 2 code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding `@workspace` to your question in Amazon Q automatically incorporates the most relevant parts of your workspace code as context, using an index that updates periodically. For more information on `@workspace` functionality, please visit [Amazon Q Developer - Workspace Context] (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonq/latest/qdeveloper-ug/workspace-context.html). 

The files below provide detailed guides that can be included as context with the `@workspace` command, enhancing Amazon Q's accuracy in generating AWS Amplify Gen 2 code.
```

Download the files and follow the steps below to use the `@workspace` in your Amplify project

- <a href="/images/gen2/q-developer/general.md" download>general.md</a>
- <a href="/images/gen2/q-developer/authentication.md" download>authentication.md</a>
- <a href="/images/gen2/q-developer/modeling-relationships.md" download>modeling-relationships.md</a>
- <a href="/images/gen2/q-developer/modeling-schema.md" download>modeling-schema.md</a>

> **Step 1:** Create a folder in the root of your project and name it something like `context`. Add the files listed above to this folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 1:** Create a folder in the root of your project and give a descriptive name such as `context`. Add the files downloaded above to this folder.
```

**Step 2:** Open Amazon Q Developer Chat in your IDE and type `@workspace` to enable workspace indexing. Follow Amazon Q's prompts to set up indexing for your project directory.

**Step 3:** After successful indexing, reference the markdown file content in your queries to Amazon Q. Examples:

```bash title="Terminal" 

> @workspace follow AMPLIFYRULES to to develop a data model schema for a freelance marketplace using Amplify Gen 2. Include models for freelancers, clients, projects, bids, and reviews. Use Amplify Gen 2 to fetch a list of projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@workspace follow AMPLIFYRULES to develop a data model schema for a freelance marketplace using Amplify Gen 2. Include models for freelancers, clients, projects, bids, and reviews. Use Amplify Gen 2 to fetch a list of projects
```

```

> ```bash title="Terminal" 
> 
> 
> 
> @workspace follow AMPLIFYRULES to design a data schema for an event management application using Amplify Gen 2. Include models for users, events, and tickets. Show me how to use Amplify Gen 2 to fetch a list of events.
> 
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash title="Terminal" 

@workspace follow AMPLIFYRULES to design a data schema for an event management application using Amplify Gen 2. Include models for users, events, and tickets. Show me how to use Amplify Gen 2 to fetch a list of events.

```
```
